New concepts `tasks` and `links` (#682)
exercism/elixir: concepts/links/about.md

# About

> Elixir processes are isolated and don't share anything by default. When a child process crashes, its parent process is not affected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Elixir processes are isolated and don't share anything by default. When an unlinked child process crashes, its parent process is not affected.
```

The message that will be sent to the process in case of a linked process crash will match the pattern `{:EXIT, from, reason}`, where `from` is a PID. If `reason` is anything other than the atom `:normal`, that means that the process crashed or was forcefully killed.

```elixir
parent_pid =
  spawn(fn ->
    Process.flag(:trap_exit, true)

    spawn_link(fn -> raise "oops" end)

    receive do
      message ->
        IO.inspect(message, label: "received message")

        receive do
          _ -> nil
        end
    end
  end)

# => 20:05:34.125 [error] Process #PID<0.295.0> raised an exception
#    ** (RuntimeError) oops
#    (stdlib 3.13.2) erl_eval.erl:678: :erl_eval.do_apply/6

# received message: {:EXIT, #PID<0.295.0>,
#   {%RuntimeError{message: "oops"},
#     [{:erl_eval, :do_apply, 6, [file: 'erl_eval.erl', line: 678]}]}}

Process.alive?(parent_pid)
# => true
```

TODO:
- mention process info
- monitoring vs linking (parent dies, what then?) maybe
- abstractions Task.start vs Task.start_link, Agent.start vs Agent.start_link
- trap exists will make the process immune to crashes in ALL its linked processes

> - normally you would use a supervisor

Reviewer: > - monitoring vs linking (parent dies, what then?) maybe

This could be left for a `supervisor` concept

> - abstractions Task.start vs Task.start_link, Agent.start vs Agent.start_link

I think these are deep enough for a separate linked concept as well, or to be placed in the respective `Task` or `Agent` concept

Author: 1) Right, monitoring is way too complex to even mention it here.
2) I added just a single sentence that mentions this is a pattern: https://github.com/exercism/elixir/pull/682/files#diff-5f74459c8a442cbf638bceae7026175c2ca81831cd9353428005d7f99adc0a38R110 it could be removed with no consequences if you think that doesn't fit there :)

Reviewer: That looks good that way 🎉
